that right? So on i'm doing that right so far, all the way down to that
I think, like I am the e and you'd have that plus or minus.
I don't know what I did to get that where'd I get that square root of X squared because you brought this over here.
You brought 3 over here about about 3, and you have X squared.
So if you want to find x you have the square root of X.
Squared that's all I can't figure out is what the square root of negative, 2 over 3 there that be square root 2 over 3.
The whole thing would be added, Wow, no good Me go to two-thirds here.
But then you got the other one to meet Gosh!
They? she snoozing on the floor it's not even when we woke her up.
Chicken the Karate can do side. Leave me alone.
Go ahead and served. Hey! how would you like it when you're laying this might just grab your arm or swinging a boy.
This lap. Thanks squared equal to one square that for that makes it equal.
She can't even look at amy she's just looking like I don't know that's what i'm talking about.
So would that one be square root of one over 2? everyone,
But do you have to do that? You have to like have it? where you that there's no fraction under the denominator?
I mean no fraction of the. So then you just multiply the whole thing about square root of 2, and you get square root of 2 over 2, even for the top one, even for that one.
No, i'm come up with this one right is like you have the square root of rolling like that right, since you have the square root of 2 on the bottom to make that a square you have to multiply by
the square root of 2, and then you get 2, and you multiply the top by square root of 2, and you get square root of 2. I wonder why I didn't hear that you get the 2, and you take the square root of 2 and
get the negative 2, which you take the square and it comes to 2 i'm sorry.
So let's talk about this slowly, as I write this down as you're saying it all right.
This is what we came out with right, but put it as the square root of one over the square root of 2.
Oh, and then you modify that about square root, 2 over square root of 2. Right?
Is that what all that square that's what I was trying to say?
Ok. I was running around that square root, 2 square root, square root of 2 over 2.
Say everything was square root 2 over 2, right. But then, what about this one?
Let me do this one. Yeah, You have a square root of 3.
Oh, square root, 3 square root of 2 over 3 square root of 3.
I can't say it right ever do I have another ad down here just the one.
No, just 1, 3 or square root of 3 squared of 6.
Yeah, over 3. Is that right? Run down it square root of 2 tone square root of 3.
The square is 6. is it? Yeah. Okay, that's fine you can do that? Yeah, that's the same way you're multiplying there square root of 9.
That in square root 9 equals 3. Yes, where's the test no telling and you have it, I mean I haven't okay.
The next one is 5 eggs times x minus one. Yeah.
Equals 2 times one minus x, 2 times. one man of 6.
Yeah, and that's easy. you can do that Oh, this is easy, Please say this will factor, will it?
You do it I mean that's just wasting time because if it's not.
It does. One and negative 2 is, and I can always put those back up into the top and see if they check right.
Let me just try the one I got a equals z red. That's right.
That's one. Yes, Okay, fingerprint vowel 5 all right.
X 10, 2 minus 6 thanks is less than or equal to 3 times X minus 4, 3 times X minus 4.
Right, all right. Distribute for us right? 2 X minus X squared.
Twill that's negative x how do you factor this after you do that.
Oh, first I got to take out that negative one don't I mean that negative over that X squared.
So I just I can multiply that whole side by negative one again. Yeah.
Then you flip that sign over. I have to flip that sound over.
If I do that. See, there's little rules like that that i'm not going to remember.
So if it's less than or equal to then and There's Mars, you have to flip this on Ok.
Retired. Not really. We can't my god in just a few minutes, because I can work on this right-hand leging some sleep.
Ouch, so you say, x plus 4 is greater than or equal to 0.
So you're saying 3 or that was that one the ones we had to do, or and if it's less than do you still do war?
No that's if it's in the in between those 2 numbers you know, if there's like a like this one not luck, because there's like a X in the middle one that's or if you have like one number one side and
it says, yeah, equal to X. No, that was less than the equal right 2 is less than or equal to x less than or equal to less than or equal to 6. right? it's for the family.
It's that's the answer number 9 I don't know this one.
So you know how to do this one. so we in trouble.
Well, you apparently know how to do it did I get it right we're unit.
Get the whole thing right. but you well, you just missed one part of it.
So what's the problem? absolute value of one over 2 minus x over 3 x over 3 oops is greater than or equal to to dodge?
Just pin out 2,000. How do you get rid of the absolute value?
Things talking you put is less than or equal to 2 over 3. R.
Is greater than I mean it's greater than or equal to 2 over 3, and then don't you have like, or is less than, and is less than or equal to negative 2 over 3?
What can I see what I did? Yeah. but when you, when you have absolute value, you take the ads of value off, you put 80 two-thirds on this side, too.
First i'm just going to come and denominate her so I do that.
You can't do it when it's in the asset value though Well, I did right.
There is that? Why, I missed it let's see if you want to do that?
Then at first you're right so I only did one part of it.
Just bring Nate. Just bring two-thirds over to the other side.
Negative two-thirds over to the other side and make it equal to 0.
No, no, keep that there. but then have another one over there.
Yeah, have is lesson or equal to no you do third and that's no absolute value anymore.
I'll see We've never done it like that let me see if that's how you do it I mean I'm sure you probably can do it.
There I don't know if that's how you do it or not because I haven't done this the python.
Would you have that's my own fault I shouldn't have waited so long to get math over with she ain't got it anymore right out of high school don't know above hey?
They she looser down I don't know she's eating that bog that's what she's doing.
I guess. Yes, how you doing. You can do it that way.
This is the pencil. but then I didn't get what she got.
I guess. Yeah, you can put so. Oh, no it's not going to work that way. You don't have it in the middle. see?
I put it in the middle 7 halves is greater than or equal.
But you can't put it in the middle because if it's gonna be if it's going to be greater than that, then it's not going to be less than that, I guess it can so one way.
I could do is no wait a minute now. See, look what she did.
She? What! that sign over which you divide by negative 2?
You had to flip all the signs over which you could do Yeah, because you've got that right.
I'm just gonna skip to this one no you're not you'll knew it now, so I can't Star.
But i'm not found a common nominee yeah that brain Why, I can do find one side by doing that can.
Yeah, but once you just put the other put. Once you have negative two-thirds on the other side.
Then you can find a common move, a little bit common denominator for the whole thing, and it's going to be the same denominator.
What's the common nominator of booboo? I didn't mean that I met once you bring in.
I know what you meant. I don't have to remember us do anything like that. We'll add it on the other side.
There's like a way you always can get rid of those absolute value.
Rs and problems in there use this Oh, yeah mmm yeah here's absolute values.
We're here and just doing it the way that you were doing i'm trying to find one like that one. Yes, the problem they're assuming different types that i'm sitting here.
Worrying about this one right here. and there probably wouldn't be one like this on the test.
I know that'll be a different one so what do you do you find an inequality with, and absolutely.
Why are you going to wish everyone right there? see?
I sure didn't see any in the example
See, there's no there. It is see here it is as fit by you there.
You brought brought naked 4 over to the other side. so it just proves that she puts problems on there that we've never gone out, and I've never got one like that.
Do that. Can you only do that when it's less than or can you do that?
One is greater than 2. The other way so if it's pointed this way.
You just put another 1 point in this way over here hmm that's a big one.
I can. That was my thumbnail. Yeah, I just keep coming down with you for the whole thing.
We'll take out those and sit there you do i'll screwed up.
Just will be 6. right. Is that right? Now, what do you do?
Subtract 3 to which side to both sides to both sides.
Twox. All right. Take out the negatives. yeah goodbye back. We'll just take divide by negative 2 you can't do that by X by itself.
Yeah, and we divide by a negative get to fit designs and when you do that it's going to be a, or because if you look at because you know it can't be greater the 7 hands, and less than native had
that's one Half the same time so it's going to be either X is less than or equal to nu one over 2, or number 2.
Any problems with this test. 12? How good What'd you want me after this has stay somewhere tomorrow night.
Ok. expose 4 over threex minus 2. His less than less than is this.
Is this the same class i'm taking are you sure we're doing more from the same class that that I go to every now.
Are we just got the same name, but that's about it Okay, I don't know how you start this one.
Do you? Yeah, thanks. so. but i'm not sure because the way I started?